README.md, before:

Introduction
------------
Appirater is a class that you can drop into any iPhone app (iOS 4.0 or later) that will help remind your users
to review your app on the App Store. The code is released under the MIT/X11, so feel free to
modify and share your changes with the world. To find out more, check out the [project
homepage] [homepage].


Getting Started
---------------
1. Add the Appirater code into your project.
2. If your project doesn't use ARC, add the `-fobjc-arc` compiler flag to `Appirater.m` in your target's Build Phases » Compile Sources section.
3. Add the `CFNetwork`, `SystemConfiguration`, and `StoreKit` frameworks to your project. Be sure to **change Required to Optional** for StoreKit in your target's Build Phases » Link Binary with Libraries section.
4. Call `[Appirater setAppId:@"yourAppId"]` with the app id provided by Apple. A good place to do this is at the beginning of your app delegate's `application:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:` method.
5. Call `[Appirater appLaunched:YES]` at the end of your app delegate's `application:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:` method.
6. Call `[Appirater appEnteredForeground:YES]` in your app delegate's `applicationWillEnterForeground:` method.
7. (OPTIONAL) Call `[Appirater userDidSignificantEvent:YES]` when the user does something 'significant' in the app.

Configuration
-------------

Appirater provides class methods to configure its behavior. See [`Appirater.h`] [Appirater.h] for more information.

```objc
[Appirater setAppId:@"552035781"];
[Appirater setDaysUntilPrompt:1];
[Appirater setUsesUntilPrompt:10];
[Appirater setSignificantEventsUntilPrompt:-1];
[Appirater setTimeBeforeReminding:2];
[Appirater setDebug:YES];
```

License
-------
Copyright 2012. [Arash Payan] [arash].
This library is distributed under the terms of the MIT/X11.

While not required, I greatly encourage and appreciate any improvements that you make
to this library be contributed back for the benefit of all who use Appirater.

MonoTouch Port
--------------
[Ivan Nikitin] [ivan] has ported Appirater to MonoTouch. You can find [it here on github] [monotouchport].

[homepage]: http://arashpayan.com/blog/index.php/2009/09/07/presenting-appirater/
[arash]: http://arashpayan.com
[ivan]: https://www.facebook.com/nikitinivan
[monotouchport]: https://github.com/chebum/Appirater-for-MonoTouch
[Appirater.h]: https://github.com/arashpayan/appirater/blob/master/Appirater.h

Commit message:

Updated README with Google group info and ports list

README.md, after:

Introduction
------------
Appirater is a class that you can drop into any iPhone app (iOS 4.0 or later) that will help remind your users
to review your app on the App Store. The code is released under the MIT/X11, so feel free to
modify and share your changes with the world. Read on below for how to get started. If you need any help using, 
the library check out the [Appirater group] [appiratergroup].


Getting Started
---------------
1. Add the Appirater code into your project.
2. If your project doesn't use ARC, add the `-fobjc-arc` compiler flag to `Appirater.m` in your target's Build Phases » Compile Sources section.
3. Add the `CFNetwork`, `SystemConfiguration`, and `StoreKit` frameworks to your project. Be sure to **change Required to Optional** for StoreKit in your target's Build Phases » Link Binary with Libraries section.
4. Call `[Appirater setAppId:@"yourAppId"]` with the app id provided by Apple. A good place to do this is at the beginning of your app delegate's `application:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:` method.
5. Call `[Appirater appLaunched:YES]` at the end of your app delegate's `application:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:` method.
6. Call `[Appirater appEnteredForeground:YES]` in your app delegate's `applicationWillEnterForeground:` method.
7. (OPTIONAL) Call `[Appirater userDidSignificantEvent:YES]` when the user does something 'significant' in the app.

Configuration
-------------

Appirater provides class methods to configure its behavior. See [`Appirater.h`] [Appirater.h] for more information.

```objc
[Appirater setAppId:@"552035781"];
[Appirater setDaysUntilPrompt:1];
[Appirater setUsesUntilPrompt:10];
[Appirater setSignificantEventsUntilPrompt:-1];
[Appirater setTimeBeforeReminding:2];
[Appirater setDebug:YES];
```

Help and Support Group
----------------------
Requests for help, questions about usage, suggestions and other relevant topics should be posted at the [Appirater group] [appiratergroup]. As much as I'd like to help everyone who emails me, I can't respond to private emails, but I'll respond to posts on the group where others can benefit from the Q&As.

License
-------
Copyright 2012. [Arash Payan] [arash].
This library is distributed under the terms of the MIT/X11.

While not required, I greatly encourage and appreciate any improvements that you make
to this library be contributed back for the benefit of all who use Appirater.

Ports for other SDKs
--------------
A few people have ported Appirater to other SDKs. The ports are listed here in hopes that they may assist developers of those SDKs. I don't know how closesly (if at all) they track the Objective-C version of Appirater. If you need support for any of the libraries, please contact the maintainer of the port.

+ MonoTouch. [Github] [monotouchport]
+ Corona SDK. [Github] [coronasdkport]
+ Titanium SDK. [Github] [titaniumport]

[appiratergroup]: http://groups.google.com/group/appirater
[homepage]: http://arashpayan.com/blog/index.php/2009/09/07/presenting-appirater/
[arash]: http://arashpayan.com
[Appirater.h]: https://github.com/arashpayan/appirater/blob/master/Appirater.h
[monotouchport]: https://github.com/chebum/Appirater-for-MonoTouch
[coronasdkport]: https://github.com/aliasgar84/Appirater
[titaniumport]: https://github.com/mpociot/TiAppirater
